Update comms handbook v1.32 (#2624)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/communications/templates/release-highlights-tracking-issue.md

3. Comment here when you've completed reaching out to the SIGs

Depending on the responses we get, we may need to send out a reminder in Slack later in the release cycle to each SIG to get more feedback on Release Highlights Themes.

### How do I find a SIG's slack channel?
The Slack channel for each SIG is usually #sig-, but accurate links are available in [k/community](https://github.com/kubernetes/community) under [sig-list.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-list.md). The plan is to ask for responses on the public Slack channel (non-disruptively).

### What should I say?
Following is a bootstrap template that you can use to reach out to the individual SIGs informing them about the discussion thread. This template includes the important information to convey to the SIG, but you are free to add your own personalization to the message if you'd like to.

A template message can be found [here](/release-team/role-handbooks/communications/templates/release-highlight-message.md)

Following that message it is advised to ping the SIGs every 2 weeks to remind them about the release highlights.

### SIG groups

> The following are groups of SIGs we need to reach out to. The SIGs are groups together in a mix of those that have tracked enhacements for this release and those that do not. Please comment below with the group you'd like to reach out to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are groups of SIGs we need to reach out to. The SIGs are grouped together in a mix of those that have tracked enhancements for this release and those that do not. Please comment below with the group you'd like to reach out to.
```
